Updated documentation of synology integration to reflect the refactor and new switch (#11804)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/synology.markdown

---
title: Synology
description: Instructions on how to integrate Synology Surveillance Station within Home Assistant.
logo: synology.png
ha_category:
  - Camera
  - Switch
ha_release: 0.31
ha_iot_class: Local Polling
---

The `synology` platform allows you to integrate your [Synology](https://www.synology.com/) Surveillance Station with Home Assistant.

There is currently support for the following device:

- [Camera](/integrations/synology/#camera)
- [Switch](/integrations/synology/#switch)

## Configuration

To enable your Surveillance Station in your installation, add the following to your `configuration.yaml` file:

```yaml
synology:

>   name: "Synology NAS"

Reviewer: We try to keep all configuration samples minimal. Thus, no optional requirement in the default sample. This helps a user to get started quickly by copy-&-paste the sample without worrying about optional parameters which they most likely not need. If required, insert a full configuration sample later that covers special setups or alike.

Please remove `name` & `verify_ssl`

Author: Hi @frenck. Thank you for the review! I have removed the optional config parameters.

  required: false
  type: integer
  default: 5
verify_ssl:
  description: Verify SSL/TLS certificate for HTTPS request.
  required: false
  type: boolean
  default: true
{% endconfiguration %}

### Camera

<div class='note'>

> Synology has disabled the livestreaming API and the integration is currently broken if you are using Surveillance Station version 8.2.3-5828.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Synology has disabled the live streaming API and the integration is currently broken if you are using Surveillance Station version 8.2.3-5828.
```

Author: Changed. Thank you!
